Bugfix for Braille display detection (#18115)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

  * When the Standard HID Braille Display driver is explicitly selected as the braille display driver, and the braille display list is opened, NVDA correctly identifies the HID driver as the selected driver instead of showing no driver selected. (#17537, @LeonarddeR)
  * The Humanware Brailliant driver is now more reliable in selecting the right connection endpoint, resulting in better connection stability and less errors. (#17537, @LeonarddeR)
  * Custom braille tables in the developer scratchpad are now properly ignored when running with add-ons disabled. (#17565, @LeonarddeR)

>   * Fixed an issue where some USB Braille displays in some cases were not properly detected by USB scanning process (#18114, @christiancomaschi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue where some USB braille displays were not properly detected by NVDA. (#18114, @christiancomaschi)
```
